The first test suite should be based on predicate coverage and should be located in "test/predicate". 
You can structure the test suite however you like but each test must indicate (e.g., via a comment) which 
test requirement(s) it satisfies. Because predicate coverage is equivalent to branch coverage when the predicates 
are taken from source code, you can enable branch coverage to check your coverage level. 

Is it possible to satisfy this coverage criterion? What was challenging about creating this test suite?
	I believe that it is possible to satisfy most of the coverage criteria. This is mostly because by 
    taking a predicate coverage approach, we are only seeing what the end result is of the combined boolean expression 
    rather than going into individual statements like with a clause coverage approach. What was challenging about creating 
    this test suite was trying to come up with tests that would pass through most of the clauses so that I can get the 
    most amount of coverage per test.

The second test suite should be based on active clause coverage and should be located in "test/clause". 
I'm not aware of a tool that can report MCDC coverage so you will likely need to add some instrumentation 
(e.g., print values before the decision statement) to check your coverage. 

Is it possible to satisfy this coverage criterion? What was challenging about creating this test suite?
	I do believe it is possible to satisfy the coverage criterion because by making test suites based on the 
    clauses, I am testing for every single boolean expression rather than a generalization like with predicates. 
    What was challenging about creating this test suite was determining if I had the correct number of clauses. 
    Whereas with predicates, I could understand how many total overl predicates there were, for the clauses 
    I often found myself either redoing some of the tests or doing tests that felt unnecessary to write.

Compare and contrast the test suites. Does one give you more confidence? Why? What are the branch coverage scores of the test suites?
	The clause coverage test suite gives me the most confidence not just because it was the one that 
    gave me 100% code coverage, but because I knew that I was going through each individual statement 
    rather than skipping through a few through the predicate test suite. However, that one was more tedious 
    to write because I needed to go through more expressions individually as compared to the predicate test suite. 

Repo Link: https://github.com/Axel-Rodriguez-Leon/tcas
